1. Add FAQ and loopback (#6)
bisdn/bisdn.github.io: system-configuration/layer1/basebox_interfaces.md

These interfaces can be managed via the [iproute2](https://linux.die.net/man/8/ip) utilities, or any netlink supported Linux networking utility. The link state for these interfaces maps to the physical port state. Due to a limitation in the Linux kernel, the interfaces state show up as UNKNOWN or DOWN, where UNKNOWN means that the physical interface has a cable attached.

> **WARNING**: Despite Linux providing multiple alternatives for network configuration, iproute2 is the preferred configuration tool for BISDN Linux. The use of other tools, like ifconfig is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**WARNING**: Despite Linux providing multiple alternatives for network configuration, iproute2 is the preferred configuration tool for BISDN Linux. The usage of other network configuration tools (e.g. ifconfig) is not covered in our documentation and might lead to unintended results.
```

```

The default path for iptables configuration is ``/etc/iptables/iptables.rules`` for IPv4 and ``/etc/iptables/ip6tables.rules`` for IPv6 traffic.

# Loopback interface

> The loopback interface, `lo` is a special type of device destined to allow the switch to communicate with itself. The loopback interface is not associated with any physical device, and is used to provide connectivity inside the same switch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The loopback interface `lo` is a special type of device destined to allow the switch to communicate with itself. It is not associated with any physical device and is used to provide connectivity inside the same switch.
```
